OSDOCS#12641: Reorganize and add docs for etcd recovery (#88498)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/dr-testing-restore-procedures.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * disaster_recovery/about-disaster-recovery.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="dr-testing-restore-procedures_{context}"]
= Testing restore procedures

Testing the restore procedure is important to ensure that your automation and workload deal with the new cluster state gracefully. Due to the complex nature of etcd quorum and the `cluster-etcd-operator` attempting to mend automatically, it is often difficult to correctly bring your cluster into a broken enough state that it can be restored. Follow this procedure to test such a broken state.

[WARNING]
====
You **must** have SSH access to the cluster. Your cluster may be entirely lost without SSH access.
====

.Prerequisites

* SSH access to control plane hosts.
* You have installed the {oc-first}.

.Procedure

> . SSH into each of your non-recovery nodes and run the following commands:

Author: Hmm. I think it's less confusing to have all of the steps to run on each SSH connection all together in one "block" than it would be to have the reader scan over three separate steps for each machine. I can describe what these commands do in the text, so I'll add that.

> . SSH into each of your non-recovery nodes and run the following commands:

Author: I decided to implement this as sub-steps. Thank you!

> . SSH into each of your non-recovery nodes and run the following commands:

Reviewer: substeps are a great option for stuff like that :nerd_face:

+
[source,terminal]
====
$ sudo /usr/local/bin/disable-etcd.sh
====
+
[source,terminal]
====
$ sudo rm -rf /var/lib/etcd
====
+
[source,terminal]
====
$ sudo systemctl disable kubelet.service
====

. Exit every SSH session.

. Run the following command to ensure that your non-recovery nodes are in a `NOT READY` state:
+
[source,terminal]
====
$ oc get nodes
====

. Follow the steps in "Restoring to a previous cluster state" in the "Additional resources" section to restore your cluster.

> . Once the cluster is restored and the API responds, SSH into each non-recovery node and enable the `kubelet` service:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Once the cluster is restored and the API responds, use SSH to connect to each nonrecovery node and enable the `kubelet` service:
```

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * disaster_recovery/about-disaster-recovery.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="dr-testing-restore-procedures_{context}"]
= Testing restore procedures

> Testing the restore procedure is important to ensure that your automation and workload handle the new cluster state gracefully. Due to the complex nature of etcd quorum and the etcd Operator attempting to mend automatically, it is often difficult to correctly bring your cluster into a broken enough state that it can be restored. Follow this procedure to test such a broken state.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Testing the restore procedure is important to ensure that your automation and workload handle the new cluster state gracefully. Due to the complex nature of etcd quorum and the etcd Operator attempting to mend automatically, it is often difficult to correctly bring your cluster into a broken enough state that it can be restored.  To test such a broken state, test your restore procedure.
```

Same comment

> Avoid self-referential language, such as "This topic covers…​" or "Use this procedure to…​".

Author: I'm just removing this sentence, as changing it feels redundant.

[WARNING]
====

> You **must** have SSH access to the cluster. Your cluster may be entirely lost without SSH access.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You **must** have SSH access to the cluster. Your cluster might be entirely lost without SSH access.
```

https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=word-usage#m
> Use might to indicate possibility. To indicate ability, use can. In most cases, use can or might, not may.

====

.Prerequisites

* You have SSH access to control plane hosts.
* You have installed the {oc-first}.

.Procedure

. Use SSH to connect to each of your nonrecovery nodes and run the following commands to disable etcd and the `kubelet` service:

.. Disable etcd by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ sudo /usr/local/bin/disable-etcd.sh
----

.. Delete variable data for etcd by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ sudo rm -rf /var/lib/etcd
----

.. Disable the `kubelet` service by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ sudo systemctl disable kubelet.service
----

. Exit every SSH session.

. Run the following command to ensure that your nonrecovery nodes are in a `NOT READY` state:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc get nodes
----

> . Follow the steps in "Restoring to a previous cluster state" in the "Additional resources" section to restore your cluster.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Follow the steps in "Restoring to a previous cluster state" to restore your cluster.
```

https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#lead-in-link-sentence-style-for-non-xref-situations

> Do not state "in the Additional resources section" or other variants....

Author: I disagree strongly with this rule, but done.

> . Once the cluster is restored and the API responds, use SSH to connect to each nonrecovery node and enable the `kubelet` service:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. After you restore the cluster and the API responds, use SSH to connect to each nonrecovery node and enable the `kubelet` service:
```

https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=word-usage#o
> Use only to mean one time. Do not use as a conjunction to mean after or when.
